http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#bioSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#biochemicalReaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#catalysis disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#chemicalStructure disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#complex disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#control disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#conversion disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#dataSource disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#entity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#externalReferenceUtilityClass disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#interaction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#modulation disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#openControlledVocabulary disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathway disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#pathwayStep disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntity disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalEntityParticipant disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#physicalInteraction disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#protein disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#publicationXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#relationshipXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref

http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#smallMolecule disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#xref
http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#unificationXref disjointWith http://www.biopax.org/examples/glycolysis#utilityClass

