http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#EastBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#EastBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#FemaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Finished disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ForStatementPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From18To25 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From25To35 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From35To50 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#From50To65 disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Gold disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#HouseholdPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#InsurrancePayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Junior disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Leasing disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan

http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan

http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan

http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Loan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanPayment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#LoanStatusValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#MaleSex disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Man disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Monthly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NoProblemsFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NorthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#NotPaidFinishedLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKRunningLoan disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#OKStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Payment disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#PermanentOrder disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Prague disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#ProblemStatus disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Region disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Running disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SexValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#SouthMoravia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#StatementIssuanceFrequencyValue disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Weekly disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman
http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#WestBohemia disjointWith http://www.owl-ontologies.com/unnamed.owl#Woman